---
layout: post
title: "Goals"
image: goals.jpg
---

I sat down to make a list of things I would like to accomplish in the next one to two years (or more). I came up with almost 50 but it still feels like things are missing.

1. Lose 25lbs. in 6 months and get sexy.
2. Start training MMA.
3. Run a 5k by the time I'm 35.
4. Finish a Century Ride (100 miles).
5. Meditate every day for at least 5 minutes.
6. Every three months present new technologies in the tech world to co-workers.
7. Visit 5 new cities within the US.
8. Write 5 songs and put out an EP.
9. Finish my portfolio section of my website.
10. Join a hockey league and consistently play.
11. Become debt free from 2 credit cards.
12. Save $10,000.
13. Buy A House or build a tiny house.
14. Move back to Cincinnati
15. Arrange a family vacation.
16. Learn more about my family history.
17. Visit cousins in Texas.
18. Read a book every month.
19. Take more photos of Ingram.
20. Have a successful garden.
21. Go camping at least 4 times/year.
22. Visit the west coast.
23. Blog once a month on something web related.
24. Become Creative Director at TLH or somewhere else.
25. Work through my anxiety without medication.
26. Get 7 or more hours of sleep a night.
27. Draw more.
28. Paint more trains.
29. Visit family in Ohio once every 2 months.
30. Keep consistently using my gratitude journal.
31. Spend time at a monastery.
32. Eat better by doing meal planning every week.
33. Find 3 more podcasts that I enjoy and stay up to date with them.
34. Be more considerate to my co-workers.
35. Make more art.
36. Get Vandal League up and running.
37. Start a 401k.
38. Get more life insurance for Ingram and I.
39. Get a new car.
40. Contribute to more open source projects.
41. Start a College Fund for Ingram.
42. Put out an EP and play some shows.
43. Go freelance full time eventually.
44. Meet a beautiful, creative woman who wants to have kids and a future with me.
45. Become a better Uncle to my two nieces’.
46. Exceed 75k/year salary.
47. Take a Survival Training class.
48. Build an iOs app.
49. Dive deep into JavaScript/React/Node/Angular.
50. Go to the gym a minimum of 3 days a week.
51. Assist my brother in his recovery.
52. Continue personal growth by finishing said goals.
