---
layout: post
title: The Rest of 2014
class: post
color: darkkhaki
---

We are now approaching the final quarter of 2014 and with it a to-do list unlike any other.

I started this year with big plans of writing and personal projects. I began strong but quickly was deterred from my plan. Now, after 9 months I'm finally on track.

Currently I'm working on a handful of items and it would be ideal to finish them out before the new year. I'm thankful that my new job at the <a href="http://learninghouse.com">Learning House</a> has provided me with a breath of fresh air creatively and professionaly to rejuvenate my desire to work.

<h2 class="h3">Current Items</h2>

<ul>
<li><strong>Identity</strong> - Dynamic one page website built in Wordpress for my friend's screen printing shop. I'm excited about this because I have free range to do whatever I want and I get to use some of my graffiti influence.</li>

<li><strong>Unihand</strong> - My first font I am putting together. Even though it is a hand drawn version of a great font I'm excited to put this out.</li>

<li><strong>Photoshop Plugin</strong> - I have decided to make a photoshop plugin for <a href="http://147colors.com">147 Colors</a>. I found someone to help me develop the plugin and I now have to determine functionality and final design.</li>
</ul>

<h2 class="h3">Things I Would Like to Do</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Jekyll Theme</strong> - After buiding my site with Jekyll I'm inspired to create a theme or two for fun. I think this would be a great excercise and also is a great way to give back.</li>

<li><strong>Wordpress Theme</strong> - I have been working in Wordpress for a while now and I think it's time to develop a Simple theme that isn't as convoluted and verbose as some of the options that are out there.</li>

<li><strong>Write More</strong> - I am only four days into a 30 day challenge but I feel better about wrting already. One thing I always struggle with is the copy on my portfolio homepage and about page. After these 30 days I hope to tackle this and finally convey the personality of myself.</li>

</ul>